Notes to this point 

Prompt 6

Functional code--very cool.
Weird way of packaging it so that it tries to reproduce the environment every time
No real understanding of the goal.  It is now grabbing stats with no context. No real use in that.


Prompt 7

Very cool: gpt has a side bar for previous contexts, so I was able to jump right into this.  Although when I initially asked it if it maintained context, it said no.  Back in business!

First error--import os was missing
Output now is in a .json file
I validated it.  It is valid json


'Final Prompt' - I will likely add more

Output is now empty.  I am experimenting with using gpt to help me diagnose the problem.  But I must resort to ye olde fashiony debuggening, as gpt isn't finding what turns out to be an obvious bug quickly.  Debugging code you did not write is never easy.  

I should note that gpt added comments, but they are mediocre.  They tell you what the name of each function is, but not much about what the function does (if not obvious) or how, or anything like that...


I identified the general problem and gpt proposed a new clean_text() funtion.  Unfortunately this does not run--it has a bug.

At this point I ran out of tokens for the day

By now it is identifying sections properly, again, and getting data, but the statistics are now empty. I will work on this when I have more tokens to burn.

I would also like to ask the system for two enhancements:
1. I had asked for hierarchical, but it is grouping stats by stats, not by test, so there is no correspondence. Of course GPT doesn't know this is useless
2. I'd like to see if I can talk it into generating useful comments.
3. Improved logging  

I have two general requests to improve this code: 1. There are comments at the start of each method but they do not include much useful information. Please improve them to explain what each function does and why, and to note anything important or unusual about the function.  2. The logging is very basic, and does not include any diagnostic information. For instance, if no text is extracted or no section headers are found, this information is not logged. Please improve the logging to include good diagnostic information of this nature.  After making these improvements, please regenerate the application.

I will work on other issues after testing this code


Final + 1

The comments are better now.  Logging is not great, but better.
Too often when I provide examples it literally uses the examples, and nothing else (like logging only the examples I gave). 

I need a better test document!

with two ML/Statistics books, it pulled next to nothing. All tried a social sciences paper.  One issue is thatit doesn't look for words like confidence interval.  It is not using llm smarts to find things, just regexprs (and those are narrow.  It would be really interesting to see how an llm can do on this--likely require more fine tuning!


Final + 2
Although one of the steps in the project description included testing, this was left out when the actual prompts were generate.

So I asked it to add this back in.

This shows one of the challenges.  Generating lots of stuff, but at any step in may leave something out. Who is verifying this.

So it did generate some tests. They are OK code.  One issue is that a 'sample.pdf' is required. Where does that come from?  And they expect every function in extract_stats to be exportable...
